Prioritization edits (#2322)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

## Prioritization {#priority}

HTTP/3 uses a priority scheme similar to that described in {{!RFC7540}}, Section
5.3. In this priority scheme, a given element can be designated as dependent
upon another element. This information is expressed in the PRIORITY frame
{{frame-priority}} which identifies the element and the dependency. The elements
that can be prioritized are:

- Requests, identified by the ID of the request stream
- Pushes, identified by the Push ID of the promised resource
  ({{frame-push-promise}})
- Placeholders, identified by a Placeholder ID

Taken together, the dependencies across all prioritized elements in a connection
form a dependency tree. An element can depend on another element or on the root
of the tree. A reference to an element which is no longer in the tree is treated
as a reference to the root of the tree. The structure of the dependency tree
changes as PRIORITY frames modify the dependency links between prioritized
elements.

Due to reordering between streams, an element can also be prioritized which is
not yet in the tree. Such elements are added to the tree with the requested
priority.

> When a prioritized element is first created it has a default inital weight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a prioritized element is first created, it has a default initial weight
```

of 16 and a default dependency. Requests and placeholders are dependent on the

> root of the priority tree, pushes are dependent on the client request on which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
root of the priority tree; pushes are dependent on the client request on which
```
Comma splice

the PUSH_PROMISE frame was sent.

Requests may override the default intial values by including a PRIORTIY frame

> (see {{frame-priority}}) at the beginning of the stream. Pushes and placeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(see {{frame-priority}}) at the beginning of the stream. These priorities
```
It's not just pushes and placeholders -- this statement is true for any of them.

> may be later updated by sending a PRIORITY frame on the control stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be updated by sending a PRIORITY frame on the control stream.
```

## Prioritization {#priority}

HTTP/3 uses a priority scheme similar to that described in {{!RFC7540}}, Section
5.3. In this priority scheme, a given element can be designated as
dependent upon another element. This information is expressed in the PRIORITY
frame {{frame-priority}} which identifies the element and the dependency. The 
elements that can be prioritized are:

- Requests, identified by the ID of the request stream
- Pushes, identified by the Push ID of the promised resource
  ({{frame-push-promise}})
- Placeholders, identified by a Placeholder ID

Taken together, the dependencies across all prioritized elements in a connection
form a dependency tree. An element can depend on another element or on the root
of the tree. A reference to an element which is no longer in the tree is treated
as a reference to the root of the tree. The structure of the dependency tree
changes as PRIORITY frames modify the dependency links between prioritized
elements.

Due to reordering between streams, an element can also be prioritized which is
not yet in the tree. Such elements are added to the tree with the requested
priority.

> 

Reviewer: Extra blank line here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The extra line was removed in your most recent commit, so don't accept the suggestion to remove another one.  ;-)

In all cases, elements are assigned an initial weight of 16 unless a PRIORITY

> frame begins the stream.

Reviewer: That's only possible for request streams.

Author: That's what the old text said, I just moved it. 

Should I adjust the text somehow to make things clearer?

When a client request is first sent, its parent and weight are determined by the
PRIORITY frame (see {{frame-priority}}) which begins the stream, if present.
Otherwise, the element is dependent on the root of the priority tree. A request 
stream dependent upon another request stream expresses the preference that the
latter stream (the "parent" request) be allocated resources before the former

> stream (the "dependent" request).

Reviewer: This paragraph feels like the thing that needs improvement in this section.

Author: This is almost a worked example that helps people familiar with H2's priority scheme
